First, I'd like to thank all the great creators of these icons, who are far too numerous
to list. Practically every icon in my personal collection comes from a different creator.
I have accumulated, what I feel like, are the best icons. I have painstakingly converted
them to svg for scaling, as 98% of them, did not come in a svg format. I have also, customized
a portion of the icons, such as folders, or buttons (used for creating splash logins).

I have tried my best, to not have copyrighted or non-opensource icons, but there are sooo many,
if you see an icon that should not be included. Please let me know, and I will remove it.

Again, thank you to all the creators of these icons, you have made my desktop far more 
appealing to me, and I appreciate your effort!

This is an entirely scripted or hand created assignment. I use scripts to code as much assignment
as possible, so not all icons line up with traditional desktop assignments. You will have to assign them
yourself, if you plan on using my library of icons. In truth, I don't run one of the standard desktop environments
anyways, so it makes little sense for me to assign them values, that wouldn't get used by my desktop anyhow. **I run
a custom created environment, of openbox, dockbarx, lxappearance, xfce4-panel, nitrogen, lxdm, sddm, pcmanfm, thunar, doublecommand,
xfce4-notifyd, xml-menus, compton, and I'm sure I've forgotten a few other odds and in's I use**

It is easiest, to use this icon set, as one that fills in another set. My personal preference, I use Mine-Mavericks,
and I replace all the calls to other icon sets, with this one, such as inherits (from mavericks) Mine, which Mine inherits oxygen,hicolor,gnome.
I edit those theme files, to inherits custom. Then, whichever icons are broken, or I don't like from mavericks, I just go about 
assigning my files. Either through linking into mavericks, renaming in custom, or app assignment in /usr/share/applications/*.desktop

I make sure I have no icons in ${HOME} or pixmap, pixmap is hardest to avoid, and it's easier to just 
link a base set of icons to the pixmap dir, and use pixmaps as hicolor for default in gtkrc files.
